Added some basic things for rebooting (#117)
xamarin/XamarinCommunityToolkit: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

---
name: Bug Report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[Bug] "
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

### Description

### Steps to Reproduce

1. 
2. 
3. 

### Expected Behavior

### Actual Behavior

### Basic Information

- Version with issue:
- Last known good version:
- IDE:
- Platform Target Frameworks: <!-- All that apply -->
  - iOS:  <!-- The version of the iOS SDK you are compiling against, e.g. 11.1 -->
  - Android: <!-- The version of the Android SDK you are compiling against, e.g. 7.1 --> 
  - UWP:  <!-- The version of the UWP SDK you are compiling against, e.g. 16299 --> 
- Android Support Library Version: <!-- if applicable -->
- Nuget Packages:
- Affected Devices:

> ### Screenshots
> 
> <!-- If the issue is a visual issue, please include screenshots showing the problem if possible -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Reproduction imagery

<!-- If it is a visual issue, please include imagery (GIF/Screenshots) showing the problem -->

```

---
name: Bug Report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[Bug] "
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

> <!-- Bug report best practices: https://github.com/xamarin/Essentials/wiki -->

Author: We don't even have a Wiki tab atm, don't think I can enable it :(

### Description

### Steps to Reproduce

1. 
2. 
3. 

### Expected Behavior

### Actual Behavior

### Basic Information

- Version with issue:
- Last known good version:
- IDE:
- Platform Target Frameworks: <!-- All that apply -->
  - iOS:  <!-- The version of the iOS SDK you are compiling against, e.g. 11.1 -->
  - Android: <!-- The version of the Android SDK you are compiling against, e.g. 7.1 --> 
  - UWP:  <!-- The version of the UWP SDK you are compiling against, e.g. 16299 --> 
- Android Support Library Version: <!-- if applicable -->
- Nuget Packages:
- Affected Devices:

### Screenshots

<!-- If the issue is a visual issue, please include screenshots showing the problem if possible -->

### Reproduction Link

> <!-- Please upload or provide a link to a reproduction case -->

Author: Sounds good!
